README.md, before:

# Mod-Test
Just testing out a mod. Also credit to <a href="https://github.com/joezeng">joezeng</a> since he made ralsei hwrot, this is just a mod test but that doesn't mean the game belongs to me so credit to him, check out his website <a href="https://joezeng.github.io/">here</a>!!!! 
For now, it's just ralsei hwrot with luigi over lancer, which is why it's just a mod test.
Update:
Now with mario over Kround! He's a bit big though. lets just say he grabbed the super mushroom item from super smash bros! (Or I guess he got the super mushroom from ssf2 in this case since the sprites are from ssf2 beta! Credit bleongs to <a href="https://www.mcleodgaming.com">mcleodgaming</a> for the sprites by the way since they own ssf2 beta! Also check out ssf2 beta <a href="https://www.mcleodgaming.com/games/ssf2">here</a>!!!) I also haven't added his voice yet but when I do I'll make his voice the same as normal mario like in ssf2 beta because they don't change the pitch of the voice when getting the mushroom or poison mushroom in ssf2 beta and it wouldn't be that hard, you just have to add code to the mushroom and poison mushroom that makes the charcters voice deeper when becoming big and makes their voice higher when shrinking. (unless you have to add code to detect what character got the mushroom or poison mushroom in order for the game to know which characters voice needs to be deeper or higher and you need to add code to detect when what character goes back to normal size to give them back their normal voice, then it sounds really hard and since I don't know much about coding a game it's probably even harder then it sounds which is already pretty hard. If that's the case then I understand now why they didn't put it in yet or if they don't put in at all!)
Update:
I have added the voice but I'm trying to get it to play. Will update this when it plays!
Update:
Got the voice to play!!!
The mod won't let me make his voice loud enough to hear him without it sounding earrape so I'm just gonna leave it like that!
I guess that means I have to say this!!! For headphone users, EARRAPE WARNING!!!

Commit message:

gave credit to a person i got sprites from
I gave credit to CalebSimmons2007 for getting the ssf2 beta mario and luigi sprites and putting them on scratch!

README.md, after:

# Mod-Test
Just testing out a mod. Also credit to <a href="https://github.com/joezeng">joezeng</a> since he made ralsei hwrot, this is just a mod test but that doesn't mean the game belongs to me so credit to him, check out his website <a href="https://joezeng.github.io/">here</a>!!!! 
For now, it's just ralsei hwrot with luigi over lancer, which is why it's just a mod test (I had no idea that the person I got the ssf2 beta luigi sprites from asked for people to give him credit, he didn't contact me but he did say it in the notes and credits of the scratch project that he posted them to so credit <a href="https://scratch.mit.edu/users/CalebSimmons2007">CalebSimmons2007</a> on scratch, he worked hard getting them and im thankful that he did! he also got the ssf2 beta mario sprites and put them on scratch, he didn't request credit for them on that scratch project but still, credit to him for getting those sprites!).
Update:
Now with mario over Kround! He's a bit big though. lets just say he grabbed the super mushroom item from super smash bros! (Or I guess he got the super mushroom from ssf2 in this case since the sprites are from ssf2 beta! Credit bleongs to <a href="https://www.mcleodgaming.com">mcleodgaming</a> for the sprites by the way since they own ssf2 beta! Also check out ssf2 beta <a href="https://www.mcleodgaming.com/games/ssf2">here</a>!!!) I also haven't added his voice yet but when I do I'll make his voice the same as normal mario like in ssf2 beta because they don't change the pitch of the voice when getting the mushroom or poison mushroom in ssf2 beta and it wouldn't be that hard, you just have to add code to the mushroom and poison mushroom that makes the charcters voice deeper when becoming big and makes their voice higher when shrinking. (unless you have to add code to detect what character got the mushroom or poison mushroom in order for the game to know which characters voice needs to be deeper or higher and you need to add code to detect when what character goes back to normal size to give them back their normal voice, then it sounds really hard and since I don't know much about coding a game it's probably even harder then it sounds which is already pretty hard. If that's the case then I understand now why they didn't put it in yet or if they don't put in at all!)
Update:
I have added the voice but I'm trying to get it to play. Will update this when it plays!
Update:
Got the voice to play!!!
The mod won't let me make his voice loud enough to hear him without it sounding earrape so I'm just gonna leave it like that!
I guess that means I have to say this!!! For headphone users, EARRAPE WARNING!!!
